content/talk/Aut/index.md, before:

---
title: Autel
# event: NetSci 2022


# location: Tianjin (Online)


summary: A distributed quadrotor-fixed-wing Intelligent Collaborative System for searching and striking in an area.


# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2023-07-15"
date_end: "2023-08-15"
all_day: true

draft: false

authors: 
- admin
  
tags: []
# tags:
# - Source Themes
featured: false

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
# featured: true


links:
- icon_pack: 
  icon: 
  name: "Bilibili"
  url: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1vc41147Df/?spm_id_from=333.1007.top_right_bar_window_default_collection.content.click&vd_source=e060cbe71c18d308e963782a155bf798
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: "media/video/wrzf.mp4"



# Enable math on this page?
math: true
---

## Challange Overview:

Each team sends 3 to 5 rotary-wing drones into the competition area to search for targets. The rotary-wing drones can fly over the competition area in formation and in any direction. After obtaining the position of the target, they issue attack instructions to the fixed-wing drones waiting in the air, and the fixed-wing drones throw simulated ammunition at the target to attack. The more accurate the target position is, the more accurate the target is, and the shorter the time to complete the task, the higher the score of the participating team.

In order to achieve the tasks described above, a distributed quadrotor-fixed-wing Intelligent Collaborative System is developed with motion planning module, collaborative decision module, object detection module. We demostrate the developed system in the simulation. Finally, the developed algorithm is deployed in the real platforms.

Commit message:

增加multi-UAV with bt project in shenzhen

content/talk/Aut/index.md, after:

---
title: Intern in Autel Robotics
# event: NetSci 2022


# location: Tianjin (Online)


summary: The Development of a multi-UAVs inteligent System.


# Talk start and end times.
#   End time can optionally be hidden by prefixing the line with `#`.
date: "2023-09-15"
date_end: "2024-03-31"
all_day: true

draft: false

authors: 
- admin
  
tags: []
# tags:
# - Source Themes
featured: false

# Is this a featured talk? (true/false)
# featured: true


links:
- icon_pack: 
  icon: 
  name: "Bilibili"
  url: https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1vc41147Df/?spm_id_from=333.1007.top_right_bar_window_default_collection.content.click&vd_source=e060cbe71c18d308e963782a155bf798
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: "media/video/wrzf.mp4"



# Enable math on this page?
math: true
---

## Intern Overview:

During my engagement in the multi-UAV project within the motion planning and decision department, I have made substantial contributions that have propelled the project forward. Here is an in-depth look at the key aspects of my work:

1.Development of a Behavior Tree-based Module-Scheduling Method: I spearheaded the creation of a novel module-scheduling approach that leverages the robustness of behavior trees. This method provides a systematic way to schedule and manage the execution of various modules within the multi-UAV system, ensuring a harmonious and efficient operation.

2.Encapsulation of Motion Planning and Decision Algorithms: I encapsulated the complex algorithms for motion planning and decision-making into a set of rules that govern the construction of modules within the behavior tree. This encapsulation not only simplifies the process of designing individual modules but also enhances the overall modularity and scalability of the system.

3.Development of Formation Assembly and Keeping Modules: I developed advanced modules for formation assembly and maintenance, employing the leader-follower concept. These modules enable a fleet of 15 UAVs to fly in coordinated formations, adapting to different shapes and patterns as required by the mission. The implementation of these modules showcases the UAVs' ability to maneuver as a cohesive unit, which is crucial for complex operations such as surveillance or coordinated strikes.

4.Flexible Code Reusability with Behavior Tree Framework: I designed the system with a focus on code reusability, allowing for the flexible construction of new task modules. By utilizing the framework of behavior trees, we can logically connect previously built sub-task modules to form new tasks, all defined by a self-created behavior tree logic. This approach significantly reduces development time and increases the adaptability of the system to various mission requirements.

My work has not only advanced the technical capabilities of the multi-UAV project but has also set a foundation for future developments in automated and intelligent multi-UAV operations. The integration of behavior tree has been a game-changer, offering a clear path for the project's evolution and the potential for even more sophisticated collaborative UAV missions.
